---
layout: post
title: "CV-2018"
description: "A quick demo of Simple Texture theme's code highlighting features"
categories: Portfolio, CV
tags: CV
---


## Social Links

~~~~~~~~~~~~
Tel: 00086 13836193954
E-mail: zhangchicarol@outlook.com
~~~~~~~~~~~~


## Motivation

~~~~~~~~~~~~
* experience my first HCI workshop; 
* Gain the experience for PhD/Master application ;
* Delicate my life to contribute to the human society in the area of HCI.
~~~~~~~~~~~~


## EDUCATIONS
    
~~~~~~~~~~~~
B.E, Harbin Institute of Technology
Major: Landscape Architecture, GPA: 87.7/100, Ranking: 5/30   
   
• Building a comprehensive grounding in the knowledge, concepts and skills of design;
• Getting an interdisciplinary view of the physical environment and psychological environment;
• Forming a guideline of logical research based design process; 
• Organizing spaces through balancing form and function, culture and nature, etc;
• Developing effective skills to play different role in a group.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

## HONORS AND AWARDS

#### 2017 
~~~~~~~~~~~~
ASRTU Winter Youth Festival: Active Participation
Tencent Public Welfare Youth Challenge: Excellent Team(Top 3%)
CHSLA Student Design Competition: Third Prize
The 15th ASIAN DESIGN AWARD: Silver Award
CHINA SCHOLARSHIP COUNCIL: Joint Scholarship
Technion - Israel Institute of Technology: Full Scholarship of Summer School
~~~~~~~~~~~~

#### 2016
~~~~~~~~~~~~
ICISTS-KAIST: First Prize of Activity(Top 1%)
HIT: People’s Scholarship
~~~~~~~~~~~~

#### 2015
~~~~~~~~~~~~
HIT Model United Nations 2015: Award of Best Position Paper
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



## PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Technion Summer School of Engineering and Science,
Program: landscape and environment, Haifa, Israel
• Investigated the environmental and 
  social issues that shape the design 
  of Forty-Four Garden in Haifa;
• Reviewed the advanced technology 
  and policies of Israeli wastewater 
  Treatment 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
99 Public Welfare Training Camp, Tencent, Beijing, China
• Understood the nature of NGOs;
• Balanced the relationship between 
  advertice and facts.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
China Social Walfare Fundation 
• Planned activities to raise awareness on water pollutions;
• Designed relevant posters and addvertised on Tencent walfare website.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Beyond the Center, ICISTS-KAIST, Daejeon, Korea
• Developed a concept of an app for NGOs to help refugees through using fintech to raise money. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

## RESEARCH EXPERIENCES

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Group leader, Historical districts protection in Soundscape
Mentor Name: Dr. Tang Zhengzheng, Title: associate professor

• Founded a group and selected one topic from collected ideas;
• Chosed suitable study site to do investigation;
• Distributed tasks to fit every group members’ schedule, abilities, and preferences ;
• Applied soundscape methods such as Soundwalk and Onsite Interview;
• Designed questionaire for onsite investigation;
• Wrote my first qualified paper for research reports.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Group leader, Ecological Technology Application of Rain Garden in Harbin                          
Mentor Name: Dr. Yu Yang, Dr. Zhang Lusi, Title: associated professor                                                                   

• Founded a group that members from different majors and grades; 
• Chosed appropriate entry point to carry the research;
• Learned the basic skill of plant experiment; 
• Designed the three-stage process for research to carry on;
• Concluded a formula to evaluate the plant condition; 
• Keeping doing this research for a long time.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


## VOLUNTEER AND LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
HIT International Communication Association    
Excecutive President                                         
• Intergrating resources to guarantee efficiency and result;
• Improving systerm and coordinating relevant mechanisms;
• Experimenting future direction of asociation’s  development.
Vice President(Financial)  
• Balancing the relationship of Association and school;
• Managing budgets and expenditure to make ends meet.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Tri-Country Video Conference                              
Group Leader 
• Establish the specifics micro-themes of the event;
• Organized group talks to share ideas and summarised them; 
• Wrote position paper with group members.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
China Social Walfare Fundation Water fund                              
Volunteer 
• Planned activities to raise awareness on water pollutions;
• Designed relevant posters, HTML5, eletronic games; 
• Addvertised project on Tencent public walfare website.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Co-Class Monitor                              
• Organizing activities to create better eco-system for class; 
• Managing class finances to make ends meet.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


## INTERESTS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Interacting with the world in various
means. including:
• Traveling and making friends;  
• Reading, writing, and drawing;
• Singing, dancing, and songwriting;
• Playing balls, yogaing and meditating;
• Going to the exhibits and movies, etc.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
